README.md, before:

# react+redux boilerplate simple starter with TypeScript environment

- easy and simple react starter without server side rendering

- how to use
```
git clone...  
cd ...  
npm install    # install all the 3rd-Party dependencies
```

### mode
- run your frontend-app with webpack-devServer when you are in develop
```
npm run start
```

-  production mode, will generate bundle.js files to ./dist/...
```
npm run dist
```

- help people to deploy their work to GH-Page, but need to adjust `publicPath` property first in `webpack.config.prod.js`
```
npm run deploy 
```

### write your code
-  react components always contain `JSX` syntax, in TypeScript environment, the extension of these files must need to be `.tsx`.
- simple js file , their extension must need to be `.ts`.


### about linting
- eslint is not capable for TypeScript 
- install `tslint` in local or global. if you run `npm install`, you will install `tslint` locally, since I put that dependency in `package.json`
- your IDE must need to install proper lint extension to collaborate with tslint, I use `TypeScript TSLint Plugin` in vs-code
- use your lint rule in `tslint.json` file. [doc] (https://github.com/palantir/tslint)
[tslint.json example](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/usage/configuration/)

### learning resource
- great docs from [Microsoft TypeScript offical website](https://www.typescriptlang.org/index.html)
- [Traversy Media  Crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAy_3SIqT-E)
- [piotrwitek/react-redux-typescript-guide](https://github.com/piotrwitek/react-redux-typescript-guide/blob/master/README.md)

Commit message:

update README.md, add some tslint rule

README.md, after:

# react+redux boilerplate simple starter with TypeScript environment

- easy and simple react starter without server side rendering

- how to use
```
git clone...  
cd ...  
npm install    # install all the 3rd-Party dependencies
```

### mode
- run your frontend-app with webpack-devServer when you are in develop
```
npm run start
```

-  production mode, will generate bundle.js files to ./dist/...
```
npm run dist
```

- help people to deploy their work to GH-Page, but you need to create a repository on Github first and  adjust `publicPath` property first in `webpack.config.prod.js`. [good Github Page detail reference on GatsbyJS doc](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/how-gatsby-works-with-github-pages/) <-this script basic work like this 
```
npm run deploy 
```

### write your code
-  react components always contain `JSX` syntax, in TypeScript environment, the extension of these files must need to be `.tsx`.
- simple js file , their extension must need to be `.ts`.


### about linting
- eslint is not capable for TypeScript 
- install `tslint` in local or global. if you run `npm install`, you will install `tslint` locally, since I put that dependency in `package.json`
- your IDE must need to install proper lint extension to collaborate with tslint, I use `TypeScript TSLint Plugin` in vs-code
- use your lint rule in `tslint.json` file. [doc] (https://github.com/palantir/tslint)
[tslint.json example](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/usage/configuration/)
- check `tslint` rules [here](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/rules/)

### learning resource
- great docs from [Microsoft TypeScript offical website](https://www.typescriptlang.org/index.html)
- [Traversy Media  Crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAy_3SIqT-E)
- [piotrwitek/react-redux-typescript-guide](https://github.com/piotrwitek/react-redux-typescript-guide/blob/master/README.md)
